Yari request relative path for images in PerformanceNavigationTiming (#32999)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/performance_api/navigation_timing/index.md

## Navigation timestamps

> ![Timestamp diagram listing timestamps in the order in which they are recorded for the fetching of a document](../../PerformanceNavigationTiming/timestamp-diagram.svg)

Author: So we have a contradiction here: Yari's flaw system requires a relative path for images (or raises an error), while the custom rule wants an absolute path (or a simple filename).

@caugner Which is correct: relative or absolute path?

Overall we have 2 cases like this on MDN (most cases are filenames).

> ![Timestamp diagram listing timestamps in the order in which they are recorded for the fetching of a document](../../PerformanceNavigationTiming/timestamp-diagram.svg)

Reviewer: I'm not aware of any changes that we merged into yari recently that would explain absolute image paths to no longer be accepted, but TIL that we have absolute image paths in content.

In my opinion, the easiest solution would be to duplicate these 2 affected files. Wdyt @teoli2003?

> ![Timestamp diagram listing timestamps in the order in which they are recorded for the fetching of a document](../../PerformanceNavigationTiming/timestamp-diagram.svg)

Author: Yes, I'm ok to duplicate these 2 files. This is a really rare occurrence and I like to have no surprise if somebody edit the version that is far from where it is used.

> ![Timestamp diagram listing timestamps in the order in which they are recorded for the fetching of a document](../../PerformanceNavigationTiming/timestamp-diagram.svg)

Reviewer 2: Could it be that the linter is complaining about paths for images when we are only interested in linting the xref paths?

> ![Timestamp diagram listing timestamps in the order in which they are recorded for the fetching of a document](../../PerformanceNavigationTiming/timestamp-diagram.svg)

Reviewer 2: I don't know if we **want** to do this, but we can modify the lint rule regex, e.g.:

```json
      {
        "name": "relative-link-path",
        "message": "Don't use relative paths",
        "search": "](?!.*\\.svg)(..",
        "searchScope": "text",
      }
```

> ![Timestamp diagram listing timestamps in the order in which they are recorded for the fetching of a document](../../PerformanceNavigationTiming/timestamp-diagram.svg)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
![Timestamp diagram listing timestamps in the order in which they are recorded for the fetching of a document](https://mdn.github.io/shared-assets/images/diagrams/api/performance/timestamp-diagram.svg)
```

Reviewer 2: We can remove this SVG now from the content repo and refer to https://mdn.github.io/shared-assets/images/diagrams/api/performance/timestamp-diagram.svg now. It appears to be used here: 

./files/en-us/web/api/performancenavigationtiming/index.md
./files/en-us/web/api/performanceresourcetiming/index.md
./files/en-us/web/api/performance_api/navigation_timing/index.md
./files/en-us/web/api/performance_api/resource_timing/index.md
